Update Prometheus integration docs with the new OpenMetrics histograms param (#5414)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/integrations/prometheus.md

  - /getting_started/prometheus
---

Collect your exposed Prometheus and OpenMetrics metrics from your application [running inside containers](#container-auto-discovery) or directly [on your host](#host-agent) by using the Datadog Agent, and the [Datadog-OpenMetrics][1] or [Datadog-Prometheus][2] integrations.

## Overview

Starting with version 6.5.0, the Agent includes [OpenMetrics][3] and [Prometheus][4] checks capable of scraping Prometheus endpoints with a few lines of configuration. This page explains the basic usage of these checks, which enable you to scrape custom metrics from Prometheus endpoints. 

> We recommend using the OpenMetrics check since it is more efficient and fully supports Prometheus text format. Use the Prometheus check only when the metrics end-point does not support a text-format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog recommends using the OpenMetrics check since it is more efficient and fully supports Prometheus text format. Use the Prometheus check only when the metrics endpoint does not support a text format.
```

For more advanced usage of the `OpenMetricsCheck` interface, including writing a custom check, see the [Developer Tools][5] section.

## Setup
### Installation

[Install the Datadog Agent for your corresponding operating system][6]. OpenMetrics and Prometheus checks are included in the [Datadog Agent][7] package, so you don't need to install anything else on your containers or hosts.

### Configuration

> If running the Agent as a binary on a host, configure your OpenMetrics or Prometheus check as any [other Agent integration](?tab=host). If running the Agent as a DaemonSet in Kubernetes, configure your OpenMetrics or Prometheus check using [Autodiscovery](?tab=kubernetes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running the Agent as a binary on a host, configure your OpenMetrics or Prometheus check as you would any [other Agent integration](?tab=host). If you are running the Agent as a DaemonSet in Kubernetes, configure your OpenMetrics or Prometheus check using [Autodiscovery](?tab=kubernetes).
```
